good here I present a truck
mining company equipped by the serious project
eliminated
we see here the operation of the
pole with led
we have the tire support
the metal box
wedges and wedge holder
the pole
the strobe beacon
the oco for money and put
the subordinate madrid
Wheel insurance
and here we go inside the vehicle
[Music]
and the buttons
the position of the buttons for
different elements that you have
and here
we have the alarm in turbo tiger
of the nor the original money
we have the lunette
the protector of the back half
and safety sheets
transparent for pilot and co-pilot
Y
with a darker tone for the king
in inner roll bar
certified
[Music]
Y
to end
the frontal foggers
this mining equipment work is
the one who performs project serve limited
experts in automotive equipment